1. To decide whether to "leave" or "try
harder".
决定是“离开”还是“更加努力”。
2. Quit a good money job to pursue
one's dreams.
辞掉高薪工作去追求自己的梦想。
3. Apologize to people you have hurt.
向你曾伤害过的人道歉。
4. Admit your own mistakes.
承认自己的错误。
5. Staying positive when you have lost
everything you ever had.
拥有过的一切都轰然倒塌时，依然乐观向上。
6. Living away from family.
离家生活。
7. Bouncing back when you have fall
rock bottom.
当你坠入人生低谷时重新振作。
8. Making others smile when one has not
smiled for ages.
让一个很久没有笑过的人笑出来。
9. Keep a low profile despite being
extremely knowledgeable about his/her
profession.
尽管自己在专业相关领域知识非常渊博，却仍能保持低调。
10. Attending a loved one's funeral.
出席所爱之人的葬礼。
When you face above things, firstly,
you have to know, you must accept the
fact.
如果你遇到了上述的事情，首先，你需要知道，你必须接受这个事实。
Some people are just not meant to be in
your life.
有些人只是命中注定不属于你。
Everything happens for a reason, every
damn thing.
每件事都事出有因，每件事。
People want you to do well but not
better than them.
别人希望你做得好，但是不要比他们更好。
Of course, when you experience above
things, you could come to a decision:
当然，当你经历了以上的事情中的一件或者两件，你会得出一个结论：
no matter 10 or 100 hardest things like
list,
无论10件或是100件类似于我们列出的最艰难的事情，
in fact, just the two most difficult
things in your heart, persevering and
letting go.
事实上，仅仅有两件事情你迈不过自己那道坎——坚持不懈和放手离开。
At last, if you ask me is there
anything harder than them?
最后，如果你问我还有什么事情比这些更难吗？
I could tell you one thing ultimate
hard, know when to do and what to do.
我可以告诉你，还有一件顶级难的事情——知道什么时候该做什么事。