Each human being is born as something
new, something that never existed
before. Each is born with the capacity
to win at life. Each person has a
unique way of seeing, hearing,
touching, tasting and thinking. Each
has his or her own unique
potentials---capabilities and
limitations. Each can be a significant,
thinking, aware, and creative being---a
productive person, a winner.
The word “winner” and “loser” have many
meanings. When we refer to a person as
a winner, we do not mean one who makes
someone else lose. To us, a winner is
one who responds authentically by being
credible, trustworthy, responsive, and
genuine, both as an individual and as a
member of a society.
Winners do not dedicated their lives to
a concept of what they imagine they
should be; rather, they are themselves
and as such do not use their energy
putting on a performance, maintaining
pretence and manipulating others. They
are aware that there is a difference
between being loving and acting loving,
between being stupid and acting stupid,
between being knowledgeable and acting
knowledgeable. Winners do not need to
hide behind a mask.
Winners are not afraid to do their own
thinking and to use their own
knowledge. They can separate facts from
opinions and don’t pretend to have all
the answers. They listen to others,
evaluate what they say, but come to
their own conclusions. Although winners
can admire and respect other people,
they are not totally defined,
demolished, bound, or awed by them.