I think that, from a biological
standpoint, human life almost reads
like a poem. It has its own rhythm and
beat, its internal cycles of growth and
decay. It begins with innocent
childhood, followed by awkward
adolescence trying awkwardly to adapt
itself to mature society, with its
young passions and follies, its ideals
and ambitions; then it reaches a
manhood of intense activities,
profiting from experience and learning
more about society and human nature; at
middle age, there is a slight easing of
tension, a mellowing of character like
the ripening of fruit or the mellowing
of good wine, and the gradual acquiring
of a more tolerant, more cynical and at
the same time a kindlier view of life;
then In the sunset of our life, the
endocrine glands decrease their
activity, and if we have a true
philosophy of old age and have ordered
our life pattern according to it, it is
for us the age of peace and security
and leisure and contentment; finally,
life flickers out and one goes into
eternal sleep, never to wake up again.
我以为，从生物学角度看，人的一生恰如诗歌。人生自有其韵律和节奏，自有内在的生成与衰亡。人生始于无邪的童年，经过少年的青涩，带着激情与无知，理想与雄心，笨拙而努力地走向成熟；后来人到壮年，经历渐广，阅人渐多，涉世渐深，收益也渐大；及至中年，人生的紧张得以舒缓，人的性格日渐成熟，如芳馥之果实，如醇美之佳酿，更具容忍之心，处世虽更悲观，但对人生的态度趋于和善；再后来就是人生迟暮，内分泌系统活动减少，若此时吾辈已经悟得老年真谛，并据此安排残年，那生活将和平，宁静，安详而知足；终于，生命之烛摇曳而终熄灭，人开始永恒的长眠，不再醒来。